detective recapped here today i'm going
to show you a psychological thriller
film called gone girl
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
nick and amy dunn were the happiest
couple they knew until they weren't
in the middle of their rocky marriage
the rich and beautiful amy goes missing
and all the evidence points to her
seemingly unbothered husband
nick with his wife lying against him
nick slowly strokes her hair
he thinks about cracking her skull on
spooling her brains to get answers
on the day of his fifth anniversary nick
visits the bar which he co-owns with his
twin sister margot
he asks for a glass of bourbon then with
a sour mood tells her what day it is
margot was never a big fan of amy's soul
like nick she isn't enthusiastic about
the anniversary
either sometime in the past amy was
writing about how happy she was on her
diary
she met the witty and charming nick at a
party in new york
nick tried to convince her that he's not
just fooling around with her
amy doesn't believe him saying that his
chin makes him look villainous
in response nick covers his chin before
promising that he really is serious with
her
while they're walking past a bakery the
two of them get covered in sugar and
nick tells her that she can't go through
a sugar storm unkissed
he wiped some of the sugar off her lips
then kissed her softly
back to the present margot asks nick if
amy will do another one of their
anniversary treasure hunts
since the riddles tend to be about her
she gets mad at nick when he doesn't
know the answer
he then receives a call from his
neighbor informing him that his cat is
outside their house
this prompts him to go home to bring the
cat back in once he's home
nick calls for amy only to receive no
response while looking for her
he finds their living room table flipped
over with the glass completely shattered
when detective rhonda boney and officer
james gilpin arrive
they start their investigation
immediately though everything looks
normal at first
rhonda sees a small splatter of blood in
the kitchen she marks it and james gives
nick a suspicious look
they then go to amy's office next and
through the poster there rhonda
discovers that amy elliott dunn is the
main character of the popular children's
book
amazing amy in amy's next diary entry
she wrote about getting married she and
nick were at her parents party to
celebrate the next installment of the
book where amazing amy was going to get
married
bitter and jealous amy comments about
how the book's material was just an
improved version of her own inadequacies
as she explains during an interview with
a group of reporters
amazing amy was always one step ahead of
her to her delight
nick joined in on the interview to
propose in present day
nick's brought to the police station for
questioning despite the increasing crime
and drug problems in the city he appears
laid back about his wife's disappearance
even cracking a joke or two the more
nick gets questioned
the clearer it becomes that he doesn't
pay attention to his wife
he doesn't know what she does all day if
she has any friends or what her blood
type is
rhonda's frustration peaks when she
finds out that nick hasn't even called
amy's parents yet and she makes him
invite them to the press conference
tomorrow
in another diary entry nick and amy were
two years into their marriage
they were happy marriage didn't feel
like work like others said it would
nick knew her inside out he could answer
her treasure hunt riddle with ease
and he even got her the same present she
got him as an anniversary gift
continuing with the investigation rhonda
had sent the forensic team over to
inspect the done household
leaving nick to stay the night at
margot's place a pregnant noel hawthorne
approaches ronda and she claims to be
amy's best friend
rhonda's surprised by this and she
agrees to meet her later before heading
inside the house
they find their first clue in amy's
underwear drawer in the form of a note
literally labelled as clue one during
the conference
nick delivers his plea for the people's
help in a stiff and uncaring manner
while the reporters swarm amy's parents
rand and mary beth with questions
nick is told to stand next to amy's
missing poster and smile
he passively obliges after the press
conference
ronda asks nick about the clue she found
in amy's belongings
nick knows the answer to the riddle and
he takes her to his office in the school
he's teaching in
there nick finds the second clue while
rhonda spots a pair of red-hot underwear
nick looks rather troubled and he
directs rhonda's attention back to the
clue
the second one mentions a little brown
house which nick claims he doesn't know
later that evening nick goes to his
father's old house
nobody lives there anymore since his
father now spends his days in a nursing
home
he finds the third clue there and hides
it from ronda who he suspects is
following him
once inside his car nick reads the third
clue and in his frustration
he curses his wife before hitting the
steering wheel for amy's next diary
entry
she described the recession that left
the two of them jobless while amy was
supportive of nick
he got upset when he discovered that amy
let her parents take most of her trust
fund without telling him
while he ended up assuring her that it
was fine he later used that incident to
justify his
excessive spending in the middle of a
brewing argument with her
he received a call from margot about
their ailing mother and from then on
amy knew that things would only get
worse nick and amy moved together to
missouri but she wondered if he even
wanted her with him
she felt alienated in their new home
uninvolved two days after amy's
disappearance
nick goes to the volunteer center for
her mary beth and even officer james are
turned off by how friendly nick is to
the people there
to him he was just being the polite
gentleman that his mother wanted him to
be but to them
he was behaving as if nothing was wrong
when ronda asks him about noel hawthorne
nick says he doesn't know who she is he
then spots desi callings
amy's ex-boyfriend and tries to follow
him only to get stopped by a woman
she takes a photo with him nick puts on
a fake smile before asking her to delete
it
she refuses to listen and in her
annoyance walks away from him
things start looking bad for nick
ronda's team can't find the expensive
purchases nick supposedly made in their
house
and the media is attacking nick for his
smiling photos while he's starting to
unwind in margot's couch
he receives an unexpected visit from his
student andy
the two of them have been having an
affair and andy even mentions that nick
promised to get a divorce with amy
he tells her to never speak about it
again and with that they sleep together
nick and amy's marriage was falling
apart and she made that very clear in
her diary he only ever used amy for
release but beyond that
she didn't exist to him when she
suggested that it may be time for them
to have a baby
nick got angry their argument kept
escalating until it turned violent
nick cursed amy out and pushed her heart
making her fall down and hit her head
against the stairs post
as the investigation for the gone girl
continues ronda and
james meet up with a dealer named jason
who recognizes amy's photo
apparently she showed up there on
valentine's day desperately needing a
small gun that she could keep close
he wasn't lying either amy has a
valentine's day entry on her diary where
she wrote about needing a gun
she believed that nick truly wanted to
get rid of her and that the only thing
stopping him was her money
the next morning comes and when andy
takes her leave margot lashes out on
nick
he tries to defend his choices by
bringing up how terrible amy made him
feel but margot doesn't want to hear it
instead she shows nick how much the tv
host ellen abbott is already tearing him
apart for his abnormal and supposedly
sociopathic behavior amidst his wife's
disappearance
a vigil is held for amy later that night
nick gives a more convincing speech this
time around
professing his love for his beautiful
wife which upsets andy
noel interrupts his speech and demands
nick to tell everyone what he did to his
pregnant wife
amy's pregnancy comes as a surprise to
everyone and nick is forced to leave the
vigil
back in his home the first thing rhonda
does is ask nick if he knew his wife was
pregnant
when nick denied the very notion ronda
proceeds to show him how tight the noose
around his neck is
their kitchen passed the luminal test
with flying colors indicating that amy
lost a lot of blood there and someone
tried to clean it up
she shows him a record of his finances
that states he's over a hundred thousand
dollars in credit card debt
nick claims he never bought any of those
then comes amy's life insurance and nick
says he bumped it up because she told
him to
finally rhonda receives a call
confirming that amy is six weeks
pregnant
nick wales and refuses to talk to her
again without a lawyer
when margot confronts nick he tells her
that he wanted kids but amy didn't
amy discarded the result of his
fertility test so he kept it in a box
along with all the other things that he
resents her for
finally nick tells marga that maybe he
does hate amy
after margot walked out on him he
expends his time trying to crack the
third clue meanwhile ronda and james are
back in the house of nick's father as
she tries to figure out what nick was
doing there that night
finally nick deciphers the clue and he
heads straight for margot's woodshed
where all of his alleged purchases are
stored rhonda
on the other hand discovers amy's
lightly burned diary stashed inside the
furnace
and on the very last page of the diary
amy had written at the man of her dreams
the father of her child may truly kill
her on the day she went missing amy left
town with her new car
thinking about how much happier she was
now that she's dead before disappearing
she read books watched documentaries amy
befriended noel and fed her fabricated
stories of a volatile and temperamental
nick
then she took a sample of noel's urine
so she can add pregnancy to her medical
records
the credit card debt the maxed out life
insurance the profuse bleeding on the
kitchen floor
the half-baked cleaning that came after
it and a half-true entries to the diary
they were all amy's doing it was her
vengeance for the way nick reduced her
into nothing
for getting lazy and becoming someone
she didn't agree to marry and for
cheating on her
now all that's left for amy is to drown
herself in a river for everyone to find
and convict nick with her murder as for
nick he seeks legal counsel from tanner
bolt
he's a very expensive lawyer who once
defended nick from ellen abbott and in
turn
allen called him the patron saint of
wife killers he he agrees to help nick
out and advises him to get other people
on their side to change the public's
roasted perception of amy
nick arranges a meeting with tommy
o'hara amy's ex-boyfriend
tommy says that amy accused him of
forcing himself on her
he gave her some space until one night
amy showed up to roughly but
consensually sleep with him
then the next day cops showed up at
tommy's door amy had wounds consistent
with her claims and tommy was forced to
plead down
while he didn't serve jail time he's
been unemployed since then and he's had
to register himself as a predator
through tommy's anecdote
nick sees what could happen to him if he
lets amy win and with her track record
she's sure to get away with it if he
doesn't do something after speaking with
tommy
nick heads over to amy's other ex desi
she told him that she had to file a
restraining order against him and nick
tries to get dizzy's side of the story
even after all this time he's still
faithful to amy
dizzy gives nick nothing and leaves
without another word
while in hiding amy gave herself a
bruise with a hammer so she can play the
part of a battered spouse in hiding
she stays in a small resort in there she
befriends greta and jeff
amy revels ellen abbott slandering nick
on cable television
and she revels in the fact that missouri
has the death penalty
in her joy she makes an anonymous call
to the police about suspicious activity
near margot's woodshed
when tanner arrives in missouri nick
gives him a rundown of everything that
happened
after much consideration tanner
convinces nick to go on live television
and come forward with his infidelity
he says that people can sympathize with
a jerk who admits he's wrong and at the
moment
nothing's more important than getting
the public on nick's side
nick however has a different idea what
if he only needs to reach one person
as for amy she ends up getting robbed by
greta and jeff
without any money left amy is forced to
meet with desi
though it's already been years since the
two of them have been together desi
remains unyieldingly loyal to her
as the two begin to leave the new starts
playing
andy is in a press conference with amy's
parents and she admits to her affair
with nick
mary beth publicly disowns him as her
son-in-law before announcing that she
and her husband definitely believe that
he has a part in amy's disappearance
since andy had beat them to it nick's
team is in a pinch tanner tries to call
the whole thing off but nick promises he
has this under control
at his insistence they proceed with the
interview
the night knicks interview airs amy is
in desi's lake house and she watches the
television like a hawk
nick admits that before he met amy he
was just a mediocre guy who pretended to
be someone better
someone that she would like and these
are the words that amy wants to hear
her eyes widen as nick says he's taken
himself to the woodshed for the way he's
treated her
he begs her to come home and if she does
he promises to be the man he promised
her he would be
nick covers his chin when he tells her
that he loves her just like he did in
the beginning
just as they anticipated nick's
interview completely transformed the
public's opinion of him
they went from hating him to loving him
but before they could celebrate
sirens blare from the distance and
rhonda shows up with a warrant to search
margo's shed
while rhonda has repeatedly given nick
the benefit of the doubt
seeing all the items in the woodshed was
the last straw for her
the police take margot and but tanner
assures nick that they're only doing
that to mess with him
since there's no body and murder weapon
tanner remains confident in their case
the tide quickly changes however when
rhonda brings nick in for questioning
with amy's diary and a murder weapon
found in his fireplace
nick is charged for the murder of his
wife his imprisonment doesn't last long
though
thanks to tanner nick's out on bond and
he can stay at home to prepare for the
trial
at this point nick is unfazed by the
mobs coming after him
he maintains a steely look on his face
and dares amy to come home
meanwhile amy has successfully planted
the seeds of her escape
she's starting to look more like the old
her and desi is hopelessly enamored
the morning before he goes to work she
kisses him hard until his lips bleed
before tousling his shirt
as desi leaves with his disheveled look
caught in the security cameras amy goes
on to soak the end of her nightgown in
red wine
without missing a beat she crawls over
to the door and begins wailing
looking as if she's been roughly
assaulted while everything's being
recorded
that evening amy puts on a seductive and
needy act while she welcomes desi home
and rushes him to sleep with her she
tells him to go hard and while he's lost
in pure bliss
she slashes desi across his throat with
a box cutter
she lets his blood pour all over her
then wrestles him with ease
mounting him and restraining him until
he's dead on the 30th day of his wife's
disappearance
nick wakes to the sound of a car pulling
over in front of his house
he goes to check it out and there she is
amazing amy in all her bloody glory
nick could only look at her in disbelief
but once she's close enough
he curses her before she dramatically
falls to his arms with the media
surrounding them
amy is admitted to a hospital to get
checked for her condition now that
rhonda knows nick didn't kill his wife
her suspicion has fully shifted to amy
neither she nor nick believes a lick of
her story
amy claims that desi kidnapped her and
kept her in his lake house
using her endlessly until she escaped
ronda tries to point out the
inconsistencies in the entire narrative
but everyone dismisses her
preferring to focus on amy's story and
enemies story alone
once they're back home amy makes nick
shower with her to make sure that he
isn't wired
she demands to have the same nick who
begged her to save his life on national
television and when nick promises to
leave
she reminds him that everyone will
destroy him if he does
in the end she tells nick to sleep on
his decision and upon hearing those
words
the hope and energy drains from nick's
face he obliges
amy reigns victoria says america's
sweetheart once again
she has the media eating out of the palm
of her hands and neck
margot and rhonda couldn't be any more
displeased
since he's not at risk anymore tanner
leaves and nick tries to convince rhonda
to pursue the case
as much as ronda wants to it's no longer
in her hands
seven weeks into amy's return nick is
forced to welcome ellen abbott into his
home
despite all the dirt she smeared on his
name she remains flippant about it
justifying that she simply goes where
the story goes without apologizing once
ever the gentleman nick maintains his
composure and he simply goes to find amy
upstairs
this is when amy drops the next
bombshell on him she's pregnant with his
child
she used nick's sperm sample from the
fertility clinic and now she's trapping
him with her pregnancy
she promises that if he leaves now their
child will grow to hate nick out of his
own accord
nick has already reached his limit he
grabs amy by her face then slams her
against the wall
amy is unfazed coldly telling him that
he only liked himself when he was trying
to be someone she could like
she warns him that he will never be
happy with any other girl but her
perturbed nick admits that while he did
love her all they ever did was resent
each other
try to control each other and cause each
other pain amy's response is simple
she tells him that's marriage nick is
left speechless
the two of them head down the stairs to
attend the interview with ellen
nick maintains his smile even when he
reveals that the two of them are going
to be parents
but the smile quickly fades when ellen
goes to hug and congratulate his wife
when nick tells margo that he's going to
stay with amy for his child
she is completely heartbroken he tries
to reason that he's doing this for his
baby but
margot accuses him of wanting to stay
with amy she is devastated and nick is
devoid of any hope
with amy lying against him and he's left
to wonder what is she thinking
what have they done to each other what
will they do subscribe to watch more
videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out
thank you for watching
[Music]
you